 Open-source tool that uses simple textual descriptions to draw beautiful UML diagrams. Home What's New ? Getting Started Online Server Running F.A.Q. Download Forum Theme Preprocessing Standard Library PDF Guide Hitchhiker's Guide Sequence Use Case Class Activity Component State Object Deployment Timing Regex Network Wireframe Archimate Gantt MindMap WBS EBNF JSON YAML Sequence Use Case Class Activity Component State Object Deployment Timing Regex Network Wireframe Archimate Gantt MindMap WBS EBNF JSON YAML PlantUML News and information PlantUML in a nutshell --> 🧩 New! Render PlantUML diagrams directly inside GitHub with our official browser extension — No server. No tokens. No tracking. Zero permissions but clipboard. — Try it out and let us know what you think! Add to Chrome Add to Firefox This editor runs entirely in your browser thanks to our JavaScript rendering engine . Edit the code on the left and see the diagram update instantly! @startuml Alice->Bob : Hello return ok @enduml Edit in Dokuwiki Edit in Asciidoc Edit in Markdown 🌱 PlantUML at a Glance Edit in Dokuwiki Edit in Asciidoc Edit in Markdown 🚀 Getting Started PlantUML is a highly versatile tool that facilitates the rapid and straightforward creation of a wide array of diagrams. Utilizing a simple and intuitive language, users can effortlessly draft various types of diagrams. For a detailed exploration of the language's capabilities and syntax, please refer to the PlantUML Language Reference Guide . If you are new to PlantUML, we recommend starting with our quick start page to get up and running quickly. Should you have any questions, our F.A.Q. page is a valuable resource. Additionally, PlantUML can be seamlessly integrated with a variety of other tools to enhance your workflow. Edit in Dokuwiki Edit in Asciidoc Edit in Markdown 🧩 Supported UML Diagrams With PlantUML, you can create well-structured UML diagrams, including but not limited to: Sequence diagram Usecase diagram Class diagram Object diagram Activity diagram (Find the legacy syntax here ) Component diagram Deployment diagram State diagram Timing diagram Edit in Dokuwiki Edit in Asciidoc Edit in Markdown 📈 Supported Non-UML Diagrams Beyond the traditional UML diagrams, PlantUML also supports the creation of various other diagram types, such as: JSON (JavaScript Object Notation) data YAML (YAML Ain't Markup Language) data EBNF (Extended Backus-Naur Form) diagram Regex (Regular Expression) diagram Network diagram (nwdiag) Salt (Wireframe graphical interface or UI Mockups) Archimate diagram SDL (Specification and Description Language) Ditaa diagram Gantt diagram Chronology diagram MindMap diagram WBS (Work Breakdown Structure) diagram Mathematics with AsciiMath or JLaTeXMath notation Information Engineering (IE) diagram Entity Relationship (ER) diagram (Chen's notation) Chart diagram Files (files tree) diagram Edit in Dokuwiki Edit in Asciidoc Edit in Markdown 📣 Additional Features Enhance the dynamism and informativeness of your diagrams with these additional features: Hyperlinks and tooltips to provide extra context and interactivity Rich text formatting, emoticons, Unicode, and icons with Creole for a visually appealing presentation OpenIconic icons for enhanced visual representation Sprite icons to add custom symbols AsciiMath mathematical expressions for precise mathematical representation Edit in Dokuwiki Edit in Asciidoc Edit in Markdown 📥 Input Formats PlantUML allows you to generate diagrams from various source input formats: Source input data: How and where diagrams can be written You can choose from different internal encodings: PlantUML Text Encoding Edit in Dokuwiki Edit in Asciidoc Edit in Markdown ⚙ Layout Engines and Options PlantUML allows you to use several different layout engines : Graphviz is the default engine. Relies on an external program; Smetana (Use !pragma layout smetana in the file or -Playout=smetana on the command-line.) is a internal port of Graphviz to Java. Tends to make slightly straighter arrows; VizJs uses JavaScript. (Use -graphvizdot vizjs on the command line.) Tends to space out nodes more, resulting in a bigger diagram; ELK (Eclipse Layout Kernel) . (Use !pragma layout elk in the file or -Playout=elk on the command-line.) Supports only orthogonal layout, and doesn't cover all features. Sequence diagrams have 2 engines: Puma is the older and still default engine; Teoz (Use !pragma teoz true in the file or -Pteoz=true on the command-line) is a new engine that has some unique features: anchors (named arrows/messages), duration, nested boxes... Achieving good layout with PlantUML is sometimes non-trivial. See PlantUML GraphViz Layout by Mark George at University of Otago for more advice. Edit in Dokuwiki Edit in Asciidoc Edit in Markdown 📤 Output Formats Export your diagrams in a variety of formats to suit your needs, including: PNG for easy image sharing SVG for scalable vector graphics LaTeX for high-quality typesetting EPS (Encapsulated PostScript ) for used with LaTeX ASCII art (available only for sequence diagrams) for a text-based representation Edit in Dokuwiki Edit in Asciidoc Edit in Markdown 🎉 Enjoy Get started today and elevate your diagramming capabilities with PlantUML . Transform your ideas into clear and professional diagrams effortlessly 🎉! 🚀 Getting Started 🧩 Supported UML Diagrams 📈 Supported Non-UML Diagrams 📣 Additional Features 📥 Input Formats ⚙ Layout Engines and Options 📤 Output Formats 🎉 Enjoy 