 Digital 2026: Belarus — DataReportal – Global Digital Insights ☰ Back HOME REPORTS ABOUT CONTACT NEWSLETTER ☰ HOME REPORTS ABOUT CONTACT NEWSLETTER Digital 2026: Belarus ADVERTISEMENT NEED THE LATEST DATA? We publish regular updates to content in the Global Digital Reports series. Please click here to ensure you’re using our latest data for Belarus. This page contains all the data, insights, and trends you need to help you understand how people in Belarus use digital devices, online platforms, and connected services in 2026 . If you want to know whether this is our most recent report on Belarus, or if you’re looking for data on digital trends and behaviours in Belarus for other years, you can find DataReportal ’s full collection of ( free! ) reports on Belarus by clicking here . You’ll also find the complete Digital 2026 report for Belarus in the “ full report ” section towards the bottom of this page, but we’ll start this article by taking a look at the essential headline numbers for Belarus this year. Just before that, you might like to know that this year’s report is brought to you with the support of Kepios . A note on dates To align our reporting more closely with our readers’ digital planning cycles, please be aware that we published our Digital 2026 reports at the end of 2025. As a result, many of the data points we’ll reference in this article are from late 2025 . For reassurance, these data points reflect the latest available data in October 2025, so they’re still highly representative of digital adoption and evolving preferences and behaviours in Belarus in 2026. However, because we’ve changed our publication cycle since our Digital 2025 reports, please pay close attention to the dates and time periods stated in this article and in our accompanying Digital 2026 reports, and avoid calculating values for change over time by referencing data published in our previous reports and articles. We’ve included a wealth of figures for change over time within this article, and you’ll find even more within the full report at the bottom of this page. OK, ready to start exploring the data? ADVERTISEMENT The “state of digital” in Belarus in 2026 Here are DataReportal ’s essential headlines for the adoption and use of connected devices and services in Belarus in 2026: A total of 11.4 million cellular mobile connections were active in Belarus in late 2025, with this figure equivalent to 127 percent of the total population. However, note that some of these connections may only include services such as voice and SMS, and some may not include access to the internet. There were 8.47 million individuals using the internet in Belarus at the end of 2025, when online penetration stood at 94.3 percent . Belarus was home to 7.64 million social media user identities in October 2025, equating to 85.0 percent of the total population. These headline stats offer a great overview of the “state of digital” in Belarus for 2026, but in order to make sense of how digital trends and behaviours have been evolving , we need to dig deeper into the data. So, let’s take a closer look at what the numbers tell us, starting with some valuable context relating to the population of Belarus. ADVERTISEMENT Population of Belarus in 2026 Data from the United Nations indicates that the population of Belarus stood at 8.98 million in October 2025. The same dataset also shows that Belarus’s population decreased by 59 thousand (-0.7 percent) between the end of 2024 and the end of 2025. Meanwhile, in late 2025, 81.6 percent of Belarus’s population lived in urban centres , whereas 18.4 percent lived in rural areas . At that time, 53.4 percent of Belarus’s population was female , while 46.6 percent of the population was male . Note: gender data were only available for “female” and “male” at the time of report production. Belarus’s population by age At the end of 2025, the median age of Belarus’s population was 41.3 , with half of Belarus’s population above this age, and the other half of the population below it. For added context, here’s how Belarus’s total population broke down by age group at the end of the year, according to the United Nations’ data: 3.9 percent was between the ages of 0 and 4 . 9.5 percent was between the ages of 5 and 12 . 6.0 percent was between the ages of 13 and 17 . 6.8 percent was between the ages of 18 and 24 . 11.5 percent was between the ages of 25 and 34 . 16.3 percent was between the ages of 35 and 44 . 14.0 percent was between the ages of 45 and 54 . 13.6 percent was between the ages of 55 and 64 . 18.3 percent was aged 65 and above . Note: percentages may not sum to 100 percent due to rounding. ADVERTISEMENT Mobile connections in Belarus in 2026 Data from GSMA Intelligence shows that there were 11.4 million cellular mobile connections in Belarus at the end of 2025. For perspective, many people make use of more than one mobile connection, so it’s not unusual for mobile connection figures to significantly exceed figures for total population. For example, the same person might have one mobile connection for personal use, but also use a separate mobile connection for work activities. The rise of eSIMs has made this even easier over recent years. Indeed, GSMA Intelligence’s numbers indicate that mobile connections in Belarus were equivalent to 127 percent of the total population in October 2025. Looking at trends over time, the number of mobile connections in Belarus decreased by 49 thousand (-0.4 percent) between the end of 2024 and the end of 2025. Meanwhile, GSMA Intelligence’s data suggests that 96.1 percent of mobile connections in Belarus can now be considered “broadband”, which means that they connect via 3G, 4G, or 5G mobile networks. However, devices that connect to “broadband” mobile networks do not necessarily use cellular mobile data — for example, some subscription plans may only include access to voice and SMS services — so this broadband figure should not be considered a proxy for mobile internet use. Need quick stats for other countries? Click here to read our Digital 2026 Local Country Headlines report, which offers essential digital data for almost every country in the world. ADVERTISEMENT Internet use in Belarus in 2026 At the time of report production, Kepios ’s analysis of the latest available data indicated that there were 8.47 million internet users in Belarus in October 2025. This means that Belarus’s internet penetration rate stood at 94.3 percent of the total population at the end of the year. For reference, our internet user figures are informed by data from numerous reputable sources, including: The ITU (the International Telecommunication Union ), which is the United Nations’ specialised agency for digital technologies that “ facilitates international connectivity in communication networks ”. GSMA Intelligence , which is the market intelligence arm of the GSMA , a global organisation that ” unifies the mobile ecosystem to discover, develop, and deliver innovation ”. Eurostat , which is the statistical office of the European Union. National telecommunications authorities, government regulators, and national statistics offices. Planning tools provided by various large internet companies, including Google and Meta. Kepios’s analysis of this data indicates that the number of internet users in Belarus decreased by 56 thousand (-0.7 percent) between October 2024 and October 2025. And for added perspective, Belarus’s internet adoption rate (i.e. the percentage of the total population that uses the internet) remained unchanged during the same period. But these user figures also suggest that 515 thousand people in Belarus did not use the internet at the end of 2025, suggesting that 5.7 percent of the population remained “ offline ” at the end of the year. However, complexities associated with the collection and analysis of internet user data mean that it can often take several months before research is ready for publication. As a result, the latest published figures for internet use may under -represent current realities, and actual rates for internet adoption and year-on-year growth may be higher than the figures shown here suggest. Please see our comprehensive notes on data for further details. Go global: see how Belarus’s current “state of digital” compares with connectivity in other countries by reading our flagship Digital 2026 Global Overview Report , which includes hundreds of slides of global digital data, as well as our in-depth analysis of what these numbers might mean for you. Internet connection speeds in Belarus in 2026 Figures published by Ookla indicate that internet users in Belarus could have expected the following internet connection speeds at the end of 2025, reported in megabits per second (Mbps): Median mobile internet download speed via cellular data networks * : 18.55 Mbps . Median fixed internet download speed: 80.13 Mbps . Ookla’s data reveals that the median mobile internet download speed in Belarus increased by 6.57 Mbps (+54.8 percent) in the twelve months to August 2025. Meanwhile, the company’s data shows that the download speed of the typical fixed internet connection in Belarus increased by 19.08 Mbps (+31.3 percent) during the same period. *Note: values for mobile internet connection speeds only include data transfer via cellular mobile networks (e.g. 3G, 4G, and 5G connections), and do not represent the speed of mobile connections via WiFi where the WiFi router connects to the internet via “fixed” infrastructure. ADVERTISEMENT Social media statistics for Belarus in 2026 Proprietary analysis conducted by Kepios on behalf of DataReportal indicates that there were 7.64 million active social media user identities in Belarus in October 2025. For perspective, this figure was equivalent to 85.0 percent of Belarus’s total population at the end of 2025. However, while Kepios’s methodology strives to “de-duplicate” social media users across different social platforms — and, wherever possible, to remove accounts that do not represent individual human users — it’s important to stress that our social media user identities figures may not represent unique individuals (see our detailed notes on data to learn why). Moreover, due to complexities associated with de-duplicating users across different social platforms, the methodology that we use to calculate social media user identities may sometimes only factor users of the social media platform that has the largest active audience in the respective country at the time of report production. As a result, the figures that we publish for a country’s overall social media use may sometimes look very similar to the statistics that we publish for the most popular social media platform in that country. Separately, please also note that the signals and sources that we rely on to inform these social media figures make regular changes and corrections to their data. Consequently, the values for social media use shown here might appear to be quite different to the numbers that we published in previous years . Because of this, we advise significant caution when comparing the values for social media user identities published in this year’s reports with those published in previous years, especially because changes in our reported values may be the result of “corrections” in the source data, and not all trends will be the result of changes in actual user behaviour. This is particularly pertinent when it comes to trends in social media use over time , and we recommend that readers use the change figures published below, rather than trying to re-calculate growth figures using data published in our previous reports. And on that note, Kepios ’s analysis shows that social media user identities in Belarus increased by 1.8 million (+30.6 percent) between late 2024 and the end of 2025. Turning our attention to user demographics, data published in the ad planning tools of top social media platforms indicates that there were 7.64 million user identities aged 18 and above using social media in Belarus at the end of 2025, which was equivalent to 105.6 percent * of the total population aged 18 and above . At that time, 45.3 percent of Belarus’s social media user identities were female , while 54.7 percent were male . And for added context, it may be helpful to know that 90.2 percent of Belarus’s total internet user base (regardless of age) used at least one social media platform in October 2025. Note: due to source data limitations, we’re only able to report gender data for “female” and “male”. *Advisory: we’re aware that usage rates in excess of 100 percent of the population, of the “eligible” population, and / or of internet users may seem implausible, but we’ve elected to republish source data “as is”, in order to enable readers to make their own judgements. Please see our detailed notes on data to learn more about potential causes of these anomalies. Get fresh insights: our handy Social Media Users overview page helps you stay up to date with global social media trends, offering essential headlines for social media adoption, as well as the latest user figures for the world’s most widely used social media platforms. ADVERTISEMENT Facebook users in Belarus in 2026 Data published in Meta’s advertising resources indicate that Facebook had 685 thousand users in Belarus in late 2025. However, Meta has made important changes to the way its advertising resources report audience reach data over recent months — including making meaningful revisions to published audience data — so the figures shown here may not be directly comparable with figures published in our previous reports. To learn more about these changes, please see our extensive notes on data . Facebook user growth in Belarus Figures published in Meta’s own tools indicate that Facebook’s potential ad reach in Belarus increased by 5,950 (+0.9 percent) between October 2024 and October 2025. For more recent context, the same data show that the number of users that marketers could reach with ads on Facebook in Belarus increased by 8,050 (+1.2 percent) in the three months between July 2025 and October 2025. However, it’s important to stress that Meta’s advertising reach figures are not the same as the active user figures that the company may report in its investor earnings announcements, and they should not be interpreted as such. As Meta states in a note published in its ad planning tools, “Estimated audience size is not a proxy for monthly or daily active users, or for engagement. Estimates aren’t designed to match population, census estimates or other sources, and may differ depending on factors such as how many accounts across Meta technologies a person has, how many temporary visitors are in a particular geographic location at a given time, and Meta user-reported demographics.” As a result, changes in ad reach may not necessarily indicate any change in the overall user bases of Meta’s platforms. But despite these caveats, Meta’s ad reach data still offers valuable insights into how Facebook use is evolving, so let’s take a closer look. Facebook adoption in Belarus Facebook’s ad reach in Belarus was equivalent to 7.6 percent of the total population at the end of 2025. Meta only allows people aged 13 and above to use Facebook though, and it’s worth highlighting that 8.8 percent of the “eligible” audience in Belarus used Facebook at the time of writing. Furthermore, it may be useful to know that the company’s data indicates that 9.5 percent of adults aged 18 and above in Belarus used Facebook at the end of 2025. And for additional context, Facebook’s ad reach in Belarus was equivalent to 8.1 percent of the local internet user base (regardless of age) in October 2025. At the end of 2025, 59.3 percent of Facebook’s adult ad audience in Belarus was female , while 39.8 percent was male . Note: at the time of report production, Meta’s advertising tools only showed audience gender data for “female” and “male” users. However, the published figures for “female” and “male” users do not always sum to the published total figure, so the gender share values shown here may not sum to 100 percent. ▶ Looking for more Facebook stats? Click here to explore our in-depth Facebook data for every country in the world. ADVERTISEMENT Instagram users in Belarus in 2026 Numbers published in Meta’s advertising tools indicate that Instagram had 3.90 million users in Belarus in late 2025. The company’s regularly revised figures suggest that Instagram’s ad reach in Belarus was equivalent to 43.4 percent of the total population at the end of the year. However, Meta only allows people aged 13 and above to use Instagram, so it’s also worth highlighting that 50.1 percent of the “eligible” audience in Belarus used Instagram at the time of report production. Meanwhile, data published in the company’s ad tools indicate that 52.5 percent of adults aged 18 and above in Belarus used Instagram at the end of 2025. Similarly, it may be helpful to know that Instagram’s ad reach in Belarus at the end of 2025 was equivalent to 46.1 percent of the local internet user base (regardless of age). In late 2025, 63.2 percent of Instagram’s adult ad audience in Belarus was female , while 36.8 percent was male . Note: at the time of report production, Meta’s advertising tools only showed audience gender data for “female” and “male” users. However, the published figures for “female” and “male” users do not always sum to the published total figure, so the gender share values shown here may not sum to 100 percent. Instagram user growth in Belarus Data published in Meta’s planning tools show that Instagram’s potential ad reach in Belarus increased by 200 thousand (+5.4 percent) between October 2024 and October 2025. On a quarterly basis, the company’s data also reveal that the size of Instagram’s ad audience in Belarus increased by 100 thousand (+2.6 percent) between July 2025 and October 2025. As we noted in the Facebook section above though, changes in the audience reach figures published in Meta’s ad planning tools do not necessarily correlate with overall changes in its platforms’ active user bases. ▶ Looking for more Instagram stats? Click here to explore our in-depth Instagram data for every country in the world. Need more social media numbers? Our social media platform guides help you make sense of all the latest stats for the world’s biggest social media platforms. ADVERTISEMENT TikTok users in Belarus in 2026 Figures published in TikTok’s advertising resources indicate that TikTok had 7.64 million users aged 18 and above in Belarus in late 2025. Note that TikTok allows marketers to target TikTok ads to users aged 13 and above via its advertising tools, but these tools only show audience data for users aged 18 and above . And for context, TikTok’s figures indicate that TikTok ads reached 105.6 percent * of all adults aged 18 and above in Belarus at the end of 2025. Meanwhile, TikTok’s ad reach in Belarus was equivalent to 90.2 percent of the local internet user base at the end of the year, regardless of age. In late 2025, 45.3 percent of TikTok’s adult ad audience in Belarus was female , whereas 54.7 percent was male . Note: at the time of report production, TikTok’s advertising resources only published audience gender data for “female” and “male” users . *Advisory: we’re aware that usage rates in excess of 100 percent of the population, of the “eligible” population, and / or of internet users may seem implausible, but we’ve elected to republish source data “as is”, in order to enable readers to make their own judgements. Please see our detailed notes on data to learn more about potential causes of these anomalies. TikTok user growth in Belarus Data published in TikTok’s own ad planning tools show that TikTok’s potential ad reach in Belarus increased by 1.79 million (+30.6 percent) between the end of 2024 and late 2025. Meanwhile, figures indicate that the potential reach of ads on TikTok in Belarus increased by 412 thousand (+5.7 percent) between July 2025 and October 2025. Having said that, ad audiences often only account for a subset of a platform’s total users, and given that TikTok’s ad tools only publish data for users aged 18 and above , it’s important to remember that trends in TikTok’s ad reach figures may not necessarily match changes in the platform’s overall user base. ▶ Looking for more TikTok stats? Click here to explore our in-depth TikTok data for every available country. ADVERTISEMENT LinkedIn users in Belarus in 2026 Figures published in LinkedIn’s advertising resources indicate that LinkedIn had 1.10 million “members” in Belarus in late 2025. Note that LinkedIn’s advertising tools publish audience reach data based on total registered members , rather than the monthly active users that form the basis of the ad reach figures published by most other social media platforms. As a result, these LinkedIn figures are not directly comparable with the figures for other social media platforms published on this page, or those shown in our Digital 2026 reports. But caveats aside, the company’s own advertising reach figures suggest that LinkedIn’s audience in Belarus was equivalent to 12.2 percent of the total population at the end of 2025. LinkedIn’s advertising tools only publish data for users aged 18 and above though, so it may be more representative to state that LinkedIn’s ads reached 15.2 percent of Belarus’s population aged 18 and above in late 2025. Meanwhile, LinkedIn’s ad reach in Belarus was equivalent to 13.0 percent of the local internet user base (regardless of age) at the end of the year. In late 2025, 53.9 percent of LinkedIn’s ad audience in Belarus was female , while 46.1 percent was male . Note: at the time of report production, LinkedIn’s advertising resources only published audience gender data for “female” and “male” users . LinkedIn user growth in Belarus Data published in LinkedIn’s planning tools show that LinkedIn’s potential ad reach in Belarus increased by 120 thousand (+12.2 percent) between the end of 2024 and the end of 2025. On a quarterly basis, the company’s data reveal that the size of LinkedIn’s ad audience in Belarus remained unchanged between July 2025 and October 2025. However, because LinkedIn’s ad audience figures are based on total registered members rather than monthly active users, it’s unclear whether these trends might reflect changes in active LinkedIn use too. ▶ Looking for more LinkedIn stats? Click here to explore our in-depth LinkedIn data for countries all over the world. Want to stay ahead of the curve on digital trends? Our quarterly briefings and custom advisory services help you make sense of all the latest digital trends, enabling you to turn data into insights, action, and results. Learn more at kepios.com . ADVERTISEMENT Messenger users in Belarus in 2026 Data published in Meta’s advertising resources indicate that ads on Messenger reached 163 thousand users in Belarus in late 2025. The company’s frequently adjusted audience numbers suggest that Messenger’s ad reach in Belarus was equivalent to 1.8 percent of the total population at the end of the year. Meta only allows people aged 13 and above to use Messenger though, so it’s worth highlighting that 2.1 percent of the “eligible” audience in Belarus used Messenger at the time of writing. Moreover, data published in the company’s ad tools indicate that 2.3 percent of adults aged 18 and above in Belarus used Messenger at the end of 2025. And for additional context, Messenger’s ad reach in Belarus at that time was equivalent to 1.9 percent of the local internet user base (regardless of age). At the end of 2025, 60.4 percent of Messenger’s ad audience in Belarus was female , while 38.4 percent was male . Note: at the time of report production, Meta’s advertising tools only showed audience gender data for “female” and “male” users. However, the published figures for “female” and “male” users do not always sum to the published total figure, so the gender share values shown here may not sum to 100 percent. Messenger user growth in Belarus Data published in Meta’s planning tools show that Messenger’s potential ad reach in Belarus increased by 8,100 (+5.2 percent) between October 2024 and October 2025. And on a quarterly basis, the company’s data reveal that the size of Messenger’s ad audience in Belarus decreased by 4,150 * (-2.5 percent) between July 2025 and October 2025. However, as we noted in the Facebook section above, changes in the audience reach figures published in Meta’s ad planning tools do not necessarily correlate with overall changes in its platforms’ active user bases. * Important note: in addition to regular changes in active user numbers, social media platforms may revise or “correct” the audience reach figures that they report in their advertising tools, and these interventions may result in an apparent decline in reported reach. For example, platforms may remove accounts that do not meet their terms of service — such as when users create duplicate or “false” accounts — or when they suspect accounts to be engaging in “inauthentic” activity. On occasion, these platform “corrections” may result in meaningful changes in reported reach, and such adjustments may significantly distort trends and values for change over time. However, in many cases, such declines in reported ad reach do not indicate any change in legitimate platform use by “real” humans, and should not be interpreted as such. As a result, we recommend significant caution when interpreting trends relating to negative changes in reported audience reach. Please see our detailed notes on data to learn whether our analysis has detected such changes in relevant figures. ▶ Looking for more Messenger stats? Click here to explore our in-depth Messenger data for every country in the world. ADVERTISEMENT X users in Belarus in 2026 Numbers published in X’s advertising resources indicate that X had 176 thousand users in Belarus in late 2025. This figure means that X’s ad reach in Belarus was equivalent to 2.0 percent of the total population at the time. However, it’s important to stress that these advertising reach figures are not the same as monthly active user figures, and there may be meaningful differences between the size of X’s ad audience and its total active user base. Meanwhile, X only allows people aged 13 and above to use its platform, so it’s worth adding that the latest figures suggest that 2.3 percent of the “eligible” audience in Belarus used X at the time of report production. Furthermore, data published in the company’s ad tools indicate that 2.3 percent of adults aged 18 and above in Belarus used X at the end of 2025. And for additional context, X’s ad reach in Belarus was equivalent to 2.1 percent of the local internet user base (regardless of age) at the end of the year. In late 2025, the company’s own data indicated that 34.4 percent of X’s adult ad audience in Belarus was female , while 65.5 percent was male . However, X appears to infer its users’ gender, by analysing signals such as the name that users enter in their profile, and their broader activity on the platform. This contrasts with the gender data offered in the advertising tools of platforms like Facebook, which tend to rely on gender details that users themselves enter in their own profile. Moreover, our analysis suggests that X’s inferences may be less representative of users’ actual gender in countries where English is not the dominant language. For example, consumer research findings published by GWI often offer a different picture of X use by gender compared with X’s own audience data. Having said that, the apparent gender “skew” that frequently appears in X’s inferred gender data may also be due in part to the high number of legitimate but “non-human” accounts that feature in X’s active user data, including accounts that represent businesses and brands, animals, music groups, and various other entities [ note that X doesn’t currently distinguish between “people” and other types of account in the ways that platforms like Facebook and Instagram do ]. Regardless of the cause though, we’d advise caution when analysing or interpreting X’s reported figures for use by gender. X user growth in Belarus Data published in X’s own ad planning tools show that X’s potential ad reach in Belarus decreased by 188 thousand * (-51.6 percent) between the end of 2024 and late 2025. Meanwhile, the same data show that the number of users that marketers could reach with ads on X in Belarus decreased by 29.0 thousand * (-14.1 percent) between July 2025 and October 2025. However, please note that the figures published in X’s planning tools are liable to significant fluctuation — even over short periods of time — and these anomalies may impact the reliability and representativeness of these change figures. Moreover, we’ve identified some unusual trends in the data reported in X’s advertising tools in recent months, so we’d advise caution when it comes to analysing changes over time in these X reach figures. * Important note: to make better sense of these trends, please refer to our guidance on interpreting declines in platform reach towards the end of the Messenger section above. ▶ Looking for more X stats? Click here to explore our in-depth X data for countries everywhere. Get data for every country on Earth: visit our free online library to browse all of our Global Digital Reports, which include the latest digital data for every country in the world, and more than a decade of historical numbers, trends, and insights. ADVERTISEMENT Threads users in Belarus in 2026 Numbers published in Meta’s advertising tools indicate that Threads had 533 thousand users in Belarus in late 2025. The company’s regularly revised figures suggest that Threads’s ad reach in Belarus was equivalent to 5.9 percent of the total population at the end of the year. However, Meta only allows people aged 13 and above to use Threads, so it’s also worth highlighting that 6.9 percent of the “eligible” audience in Belarus used Threads at the time of report production. Meanwhile, data published in the company’s ad tools indicate that 7.4 percent of adults aged 18 and above in Belarus used Threads at the end of 2025. Similarly, it may be helpful to know that Threads’s ad reach in Belarus at the end of 2025 was equivalent to 6.3 percent of the local internet user base (regardless of age). In late 2025, 62.9 percent of Threads’s adult ad audience in Belarus was female , while 36.4 percent was male . Note: at the time of report production, Meta’s advertising tools only showed audience gender data for “female” and “male” users. However, the published figures for “female” and “male” users do not always sum to the published total figure, so the gender share values shown here may not sum to 100 percent. ▶ Looking for more Threads stats? Click here to explore our in-depth Threads data for every country in the world. ADVERTISEMENT Additional resources Just before we get to the full report, here are some suggestions for further reading, which will provide additional context for our full set of Digital 2026 numbers for Belarus: Read our complete Digital 2026 Global Overview Report to get a comprehensive overview of the “state of digital” around the world in 2026. Click here to see all of the Global Digital Reports we’ve published for Belarus over the years. Explore all of our reports on countries in the Eastern Europe region by clicking here . Find all of the reports in the Digital 2026 series via this handy index page . Visit our complete online library to see all of the ( free! ) reports in the Global Digital Reports series. If you’d like to receive updates when we publish new reports, click here to sign up for our newsletter. Full report You’ll find our complete Digital 2026: Belarus report in the embed below ( click here if you can’t see that, or if you can’t move through the slides). ADVERTISEMENT Digital Simon Kemp 8 November 2025 Digital , Digital 2026 , Local , Belarus , Eastern Europe , Europe Comment Facebook 0 Twitter LinkedIn 0 Reddit Tumblr Pinterest 0 0 Likes Previous Digital 2026: Belgium Digital Simon Kemp 8 November 2025 Digital, Digital 2026, Local, Belgium, Western Europe, Europe Next Digital 2026: Barbados Digital Simon Kemp 8 November 2025 Digital, Digital 2026, Local, Barbados, Caribbean, Americas, Lesser Antilles, Windward Islands reports@kepios.com Hours Browse All Reports Global Reports Regional Reports Local Reports Special Reports Search Info About Contact Citation & Reuse Notes on Data Legal Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Connect LinkedIn YouTube X (Twitter) Facebook Instagram Pinterest © Kepios . All rights reserved. 